
I am glad to talk with you, Ranjit. First, let me introduce myself. 
I am Ke Wu. I received my master degree in ECE program at Carnegie Mellon University with GPA 4.0. 
I am interested in building infrastructure and large-scale robust distributed system. I have taken many courses that are related to computer system, such as operating 
systems, distributed systems, storage systems, computer network and cloud computing. In these courses, I also did many projects. I have built a unix-like kernel, 
a remote file system with caching, a hybrid ssd/cloud file system, an HTTP web server, a peer to peer file transfer system and so on. 

I will start my first job at Google 
on July, 18th. And today I want to ask some questions about your team to see if it is the right team for me. 


Could you please introduce what is your team's job?


1. What's the product that your team make or what are the problems that your team solve?


2. How does the team make an impact at Google?


3. What is the team's current goal?


4. If I join your team, what would be my main responsibilities?


5. Can you provide an example of a project that I will work on if I join your team?


6. Could you please tell me about the platform or programming languages that will be used in the team?


7. What skills that I will learn if I join your team?


8. How long do you expect it will take me to become a fully productive member of the team?


9. Will you be my direct manager?


10. How big is the team? 


11. How about the team diversity? 


12. Is everyone work in the same location or do you work with people from other offices? 


13. How does the team communicate and collaborate? 
    Will I be working mostly individually or on multi-person/multi-team projects?


14. Is the work limited by any timeline restrictions like on-call work or launch cycles? 


15. How does a typical day of work in the team look like? 


16. What is your opinion of 20% projects?


17. That's all questions that I want to ask, thank you! 
And could you please give me you email address so I can send you email if I have any further questions?



-- your interests?
I am interested in building large-scale robust distributed system. 
I am also interested in building infrastructure for the top application. I think these work are more challenging than developing a top level application. 


-- that most xxx project?
I think it is building a unix-like kernel. In this project, we need to build a kernel from scratch. 
I designed and implemented a Unix-like kernel with some device drivers on the x86 multicore architecture. 
The kernel
supports virtual memory management, preemptive multitasking and some important system calls. 
I also desgiend and implemented a user-level thread library as well as synchronization primitives on the top of the kernel. 


-- Where Do You See Yourself in Five Years?
I think I will still be a software engineer and code for some exciting software system. 
I hope to get more experience on software engineering and be able to design some software architecture on my own
